at
we go
years
no
at
Oh
e
at
so we have classified links in
third position it's an hour a
beast that we like a lot in
all his qualities of race hours at
first look it's a rock
property like the ones with very
good skills so for for
livestock farming especially since it is in the basin
very ample with a good hold of
Above good attitudes and a past
also go very long very wide very
well positioned with a beautiful head
here are seven cows and that's why
that she deserves and the third and you
can applaud him messi
elite flight so this cow we have it
ranked second in relation to the at the
third is a rage that has more than
muscle mass as a whole and
the most powerful is when they
we walk the haye do and
expresses a power a force in
his step with in his tassel barrier
also more bouncy a basser too
wide than the previous one
a cow had a lot of energy and
very very fine for the thanks to in time
to have prepared us in this date
there is often an impoverishment
double
you'll understand gentlemen eat it
I noticed your applause
it's true it's a golden cow during a
cow and says to herself a young cow
since she is not yet five years old and
already more than 13 5 kilos on the rocker
it was an extraordinary cow had
awesome masses a length of
advance that gorgeous tic and especially
who has not forgotten the development
muscular skeleton then it's a
image that has a lot of meat a very
good train with a suny bond is not
the very good line so that's why
that she deserved first place
really left his life
Oh